W 10812334 apid apigov for ga bsj (#174)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-add-api-dependency.adoc

= Adding Dependencies to an API-Specification Project
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

In projects for API specifications or API fragments, you can add RAML API fragments or
rulesets as dependencies directly from Anypoint Exchange.

> The dependencies are listed in your projects,

Reviewer: You cannot edit the specifications or fragments listed in your projects because they are referenced from their online location in Anypoint Exchange.

> but they are not present in your projects. Instead, the text editor references them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> but they are not present in your projects. Instead, the text editor references them

Reviewer: If you use the suggested text from the last comment, you can delete lines 10, 11, and 12.

from their online location in Anypoint Exchange. Therefore, although you can include

> them in your specifications and fragments, you cannot edit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them in your specifications and fragments, you cannot edit them.
```
```suggestion
```

> them in your specifications and fragments, you cannot edit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If you export your project, the resulting `.zip` file contains the referenced dependencies.

> Whenever someone downloads your project as RAML after it is published to Anypoint Exchange,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When someone downloads your project as RAML from Anypoint Exchange,
```

> the resulting `.zip` file again contains the referenced dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the resulting `.zip` file contains the referenced dependencies.
```

> the resulting `.zip` file again contains the referenced dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the resulting `.zip` file contains the referenced dependencies.
```

> If you export your project to work on it in another editor, edit the referenced dependencies, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you export your project to another editor, edit the referenced dependencies, 
```

> and then try to import the project back into the text editor, the import will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then try to import the project back into the text editor, the import fails.
```

== Add Dependencies to an API-Specification Project

> To add dependencies to an API specification project as a dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add dependencies to an API specification project:
```

. On the left side of the text editor, click the *Exchange dependencies* icon.

> . Click the plus sign next to the dependency type that you want to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the plus sign next to the dependency type that you want to add.
```

  You can select from the dependencies that are visible to the organizations that you belong to.

> NOTE: A maximum of 1,000 files are supported for dependencies, with a total file size no greater than 300 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: API Government supports a maximum of 1,000 files for dependencies, with a total file size no greater than 300 MB.
```
```suggestion
NOTE: A maximum of 1,000 files are supported for dependencies, with a total file size no greater than 300 MB.
```

> NOTE: A maximum of 1,000 files are supported for dependencies, with a total file size no greater than 300 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: API Designer supports a maximum of 1,000 files for dependencies, with a total file size no greater than 300 MB.
```

> Dependencies are listed in the left pane. You can view their contents by selecting them. When you are ready to continue work on your project, click the *Files* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the contents of dependencies by selecting them. When you are ready to continue work on your project, click the *Files* icon.
```

> The files appear in the folder `exchange-modules`. Within this folder are subfolders that correspond to the parts of the URI for the referenced API fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files appear in the folder `exchange-modules`. The subfolders correspond to the parts of the URI for the referenced API fragment.
```

> The files appear in the folder `exchange-modules`. Within this folder are subfolders that correspond to the parts of the URI for the referenced API fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files appear in the `exchange-modules` folder. The subfolders correspond to the parts of the URI for the referenced API fragment.
```

> If after you add a dependency on an API fragment or ruleset, an updated version of the fragment or ruleset is published, and if you want your project to reference the updated version, you must update the dependency. To do so, click the *Exchange dependency* icon, click the dependency, and select *Change version*. In the *Change version* dialog, select the current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you add a dependency on an API fragment or ruleset, if an updated version of the fragment or ruleset is published and you want your project to reference the updated version, you must update the dependency. To do so:

. Click the *Exchange dependency* icon.
. Click the dependency.
. Select *Change version*. 
. In the *Change version* dialog, select the current version.
```
